[MOS-282] Librarization of services and test service (#3648)
mudita/MuditaOS: module-sys/README.md

Timers are system feature and is Service/Application thread safe. Timer callback life expectancy should be as short as possible for system to work smoothly (as with any other message call)

> **WARNING:** Do not use FreeRTOS timers, without utmost care it can cause data races and obstruct sys::Timres and system in generall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING:** Do not use FreeRTOS timers, without utmost care it can cause data races and obstruct sys::Timres and system in general.
```
```suggestion
**WARNING:** Do not use FreeRTOS timers, without utmost care it can cause data races and obstruct sys::Timres and system in generall.
```

### System Timers

System has basic coarse sys::Timer capability. There are two ways to handle actions on timer:
* create a timer via TimerFactory 
* assign callback to Timer with method: `void sys::timer::SystemTimer::connect(timer::TimerCallback &&newCallback)`

> * start the timer

Author: I can. This is just a silly simple example. I want to extend it to `app` collaboration next :) 
saying that - there is no need - this service is disabled by default.

example:
``` c++
th = sys::TimerFactory::createPeriodicTimer(
    this, "my  periodic timer", std::chrono::milliseconds(1000), [](sys::Timer &t) {
        LOG_INFO("timers are avesome, periodic timer is active: %d", t.isActive());
    });
th.start();
```

> **NOTE:** System timers are RAI. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** System timers are RAII. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!
```
```suggestion
**NOTE:** System timers are RAI. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!
```

Author: fixed tx

> **NOTE:** System timers are RAI. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** System timers are RAII. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!
```
```suggestion
**NOTE:** System timers are RAI. These are automatically destructed when their handles are removed!
```

**NOTE:** We do not have real time system timers. It's possible to implement these, but there is no good mechanism to actually promote thread to be first to execute in the system.

### GUI Timers

* Build on top of `SystemTimer` is `GuiTimer` are meant as a connector between System <=> GUI.

### Hints
* Each service can have any amount of timers.
* For timer to work one have to first start it. Otherwise, timer is created and not started.
* After creating `GuiTimer` one can `connect` it to `gui::Item` related element with `Application::connect(GuiTimer &&, gui::Item*)` so that timer life-cycle would be same as Item referenced

## Bus

**WARNING:** Please mind that for safe use bus is available after `InitHandler()` was called

> Bus subsystem was developed in order for services to be able to communicate with each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bus subsystem was developed in order to allow cross-services communication.
```
